+++
title= "2"
date= 2022-06-21T00:42:37+02:00
draft= false
author = "adrian"
tags = [ "Baseball"]
featured_image = "images/hugo.png"

+++

An Example Markdown Post
A minimal example of using markdown with fastpages.

Jan 14, 2020 • 1 min read

 markdown

Example Markdown Post
Basic setup
Basic formatting
Lists
Boxes and stuff
Images
Code
Tables
Tweetcards
Footnotes
Example Markdown Post
Basic setup
Jekyll requires blog post files to be named according to the following format:

YEAR-MONTH-DAY-filename.md

Where YEAR is a four-digit number, MONTH and DAY are both two-digit numbers, and filename is whatever file name you choose, to remind yourself what this post is about. .md is the file extension for markdown files.

The first line of the file should start with a single hash character, then a space, then your title. This is how you create a “level 1 heading” in markdown. Then you can create level 2, 3, etc headings as you wish but repeating the hash character, such as you see in the line ## File names above.

Basic formatting
You can use italics, bold, code font text, and create links. Here’s a footnote 1. Here’s a horizontal rule:

Lists
Here’s a list:

item 1
item 2
And a numbered list:

item 1
item 2
Boxes and stuff
This is a quotation

You can include alert boxes
…and…

You can include info boxes
Images

fast.ai's logo

Code
You can format text and code per usual

General preformatted text:

# Do a thing
do_thing()
Python code and output:

# Prints '2'
print(1+1)
2
Formatting text as shell commands:

echo "hello world"
./some_script.sh --option "value"
wget https://example.com/cat_photo1.png
Formatting text as YAML:

key: value
- another_key: "another value"
Tables
Column 1	Column 2
A thing	Another thing
Tweetcards
